Transformations changes (#27690)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/transformations/_index.md

+++

> ttitle = "Overview"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Overview"
```

Author: Fixed.

type = "docs"
[menu.docs]

> identifier = "overviewß"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identifier = "overview"
```

Author: Fixed.

parent = "tranformations"
weight = 300
+++

> # Overview

Reviewer: Please make this heading more specific, like "Transformations overview." Leaving it as "Overview" in the side menu is fine, I just want to avoid a bunch of topics called "Overview" in our search results, since that would be unhelpful to users.

Author: Title changed to "Transformations overview"

Transformations process the result set of a query before it’s passed on for visualization. They allow you to rename fields, join separate time series together, do math across queries, and more. For users, with numerous dashboards or with a large volume of queries, the ability to reuse the query result from one panel in another panel can be a huge performance gain.

The transformations feature is accessible from the **Transform** tab of the Grafana panel editor.

> > **Note:** Transformations is a Grafana 7.0 beta feature. This topic along with the other topics in the Transformations section will be frequently updated to reflect updates to the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Transformations is a Grafana 7.0 beta feature. Topics in this Transformations section will be frequently updated as we work on this feature.
```

Author: Updated.
